The employees who initiated the strike understood that the contract would be changed very soon to accommodate all parties.
The mechanic who repaired dented vehicles accepted that the car looked in worse shape than before he worked on it.
The old_man who fractured his skull recalled that the nurse had complained to the doctor that the patient never took his medication.
The traveler who stayed_at the hotel heard that the clock had woken everybody up in the youth hostel.
The journalist who read the bulletin confirmed that the story would be published on the front page the next day.
The worker who hurt his back maintained that the walls fell down in a heap before he arrived.
The apprentice who wanted fresh air forgot that the bicycle was standing in the garage next to the car.
The committee which selected the location mentioned that the issue would cause a problem at the meeting.
The army which invaded the country found that the supplies saved many lives during the long conflict.
The umpire who officiated the double-header warned that the spectators would probably get too rowdy if beer was served.
The coach who scouted new talent discovered that the player tried to show off all the time.
The woman who proofread the ads noticed that the flyer had the wrong address listed on the front.
The tourists who visited the kingdom saw that the palace was being restored to its original condition.
The scientist who designed large trucks proved that the theory could help build cars with better mileage.
The soldiers who witnessed the battle remembered that the town had been flattened in the bombing raid.
The priest who performed the ceremony recognized that two guests were necessary for the marriage to be legal.
The reporter who worked_for the Globe revealed that the politician received some payments from the unscrupulous millionaire.
The owners who purchased the estate insured that the house would never get flooded again when it rained.
The lawyer who questioned the witness established that the alibi was not sufficient to free the defendant from blame.
The store which sold used appliances guaranteed that the television would last for ten years without failing.